Class 7 discussion problem

Solve the question at  https://ionides.github.io/531w26/quiz/class07.pdf. Give a letter answer to the multiple choice question and some supporting reasoning.


1. Multiple choice question title:
Evaluating scholarship: https://ionides.github.io/531w26/quiz/class07.pdf

Question stem:
The question is posted at https://ionides.github.io/531w26/quiz/class07.pdf


Answers: 

(A).  The authors of P1 have done enough to honestly disclose the relationship with P2. After all, there is sufficient information provided for any reader to track down the exact relationship.

(B).  The authors of P1 have misrepresented the relationship with P2 by appearing to take credit for some original work which was in fact heavily dependent on a source. This is a serious offence which should be reported to Rackham and/or the Associate Chair for Graduate Programs in Statistics as a violation of academic integrity.

(C).  There is not enough information to tell the actual story for certain. The authors of P2 may or may not have done something wrong, depending on information that is not available to us, but they did cite P2 so they should be given the benefit of the doubt and should not lose any scholarship points.

(D).  The authors of P1 have misrepresented the relationship with P2 by appearing to take credit for some original work which was in fact heavily dependent on a source. This is a moderately severe offence, partly offset by including P2 in the reference list. A substantial number of scholarship points should be subtracted.

(E).  P1 evidently has not shown perfect scholarship, but this is a small issue that could easily be an honest mistake given that the authors were not trying to hide the fact that they had studied P2. It is appropriate to substract, say, 1 point for scholarship for this mistake.


2. essay question title: Supporting reasoning

Give some supporting reasoning for your answer to the multiple choice question. You are expected to write between one and three sentences.

The credit is for Q2 not Q1. For this assignment, the grade is for participation and feedback not correctness. 






